"Fushigurooooo!" BANG BANG BANG. I cracked an eye open as the dream I was having fell away. Ugh. Squinting at my clock as the banging continued, I saw--it's fucking four in the morning? I rolled over and put a pillow over my ear. "Dude, I know it's late, but it's an emergency!" Wait... I cracked an eye open. That's Itadori's voice.

I quickly got some cursed energy up just in case as I forced myself over to the door. "What's the situation?"

Didn't look like there was any danger... Itadori looked kinda surprised and started waving his hands. "Oh no, not /that/ kind of an emergency!" He pointed down. "I just need to go to the ER because my dick won't stop being hard."

What? "Oh," So there wasn't an immediate threat, I guess. "..What?" I glanced where he'd pointed and, as I let the cursed energy dissipate, I couldn't help but notice something... It looked almost like cursed residue. "..You're... hard?" But what did that have to do with anything? "That /all/ that's wrong?"

He shrugged and smacked the palm of his hand against his forehead. "Well, Sukuna wouldn't shut up about it--he was acting REALLY weird!" That didn't bode well. Scratching the back of his neck he added, "...probably not related, but it is annoying."

I snorted. "I can imagine," I motioned for him to come into my room. "Have a seat--I'm thinking something curse-y might be involved."

I snapped a light on as Itadori gave a worried-sounding, "Oh shit you really think so?" Then, as he hopped onto the bed, laughed and added, "Can I call everything we do 'curse-y' from now on?"

"In my defense, it's four in the fucking morning," I took a deep breath--this was not what I'd been mentally prepared to do tonight. "You should probably take your pants and underwear off for this."

At least he was calm about the whole 'naked' thing. "Alright," At least... he seemed that way as he pulled his pants and underwear off. When I started leaning in to try and see what I'd seen earlier, he sounded a lot less confident. "Uhhh.. you sure this is a good idea, Fushiguro?"

I nodded, still trying to see that signature dark purple color. "Should only take a second," I added, trying to make him less nervous, "Your dick isn't going to fall off in the next fifteen minutes, right?" Not sure it worked. "I could swear... hm.."

"Wh..what's going on? Can you see something?" Yeah, he definitely sounded scared. Though it wasn't an unreasonable reaction.

"Not sure... I thought I saw some kind of cursed residue near your crotch earlier. But now I'm not so sure."

"Well shit, that's not good!"

"...Pretty much, yeah," We both stared at it, not sure what to do now.

"..it wasn't that dark earlier. It was just kinda red at the start, you know?"

"Does it feel strange or anything?"

A nod. "It's like... you know, when you floss? And you've got the floss wrapped too tightly around your fingers but you don't notice so by the time you're done your finger is all purple?"

Who hasn't? "Yeah I have done that," I looked back down at it, and flinched a little. It was almost the same color as... "You know, I'd say that turning it that color is just to make it harder to see any cursed energy residue that might be there."

"Shit, really?" He scanned his own crotch, worry all over his face. Then he seemed to get an idea, "Oh! What about..." Summoning some power around his hand, he moved it to his crotch. "Does that help?" Strangely, despite the light coming off of the cursed energy, it didn't make the.. murkiness go away.

It was like there was some kind of filter on it, except in real life. "Hm. Not really. It's kind of..."

"Wait, I can see something!" He pointed with his other hand to the base. "See? it's like.. a sort of ring?"

I leaned in to get a better look "...no idea what you're talking about man," Hm. Instead, I lit up my own hand in energy, and did what he was doing. "Oh, there /is/ something..." Wherever my cursed energy was it was like I could see through that murkiness.

After studying it for a moment, Itadori said exactly what I was thinking. "Looks kinda like a cock ring."

"Do you mind if I touch it?" Wait. Fuck. "I mean the curse. I'll try not to touch your penis."

But he shook his head. "No, it's ok, I trust you, Fushiguro," I had to force my heartbeat to slow down as I started the.. inspection. He added "I can't really feel anything anyway so that should make it less awkward, right?" Avoiding eye-contact like the plague, I focused on the way the energy was formed. Hm. Weird, it hardly flowed at all--usually a curse has some sort of movement to it, since it's energy. Such a lack of motion usually is only the case for a barrier.... As soon as I had that thought, I knew I was right--it was like it was... reacting to me. Creepy.

I frowned and glanced up at Itadori--and, since I was looking for it, caught a quick glimpse of the eye under his own being open--right as he decided to lie down. "So... see anything?.." Fucking fantastic. Concentrating, I focused more on the flow of other things through the barrier.

Ah, that explained it. "Done. I think I get what's going on," as he pulled his pants and such back up, I started an explanation. "You know the barriers we erect around active curse--"

"Eyyy," He shot me some finger guns. "Good one!"

On his cheek, Sukuna actually spoke. "Shut up, dumbass."

"...No." Ignoring them both I continued, "A barrier's properties can be changed to allow some people through and others not, right? Or you can make it easy to come in but not leave?" He nodded. "A barrier's been placed on your dick with those kinds of rules imposed on blood. I.e. it can go in, but it can't come out."

"Ew..." Yeah, no kidding. "A barrier that tiny would probably be pretty easy to take out, right?"

"Mm. No. Having hyper-specific conditions like a small area of influence and only caring about letting blood flow one way actually make it pretty strong.." The image of Itadori's penis turning almost dark purple was not something I wanted in my head. Still. What were the potential solutions?

I could tell Itadori was getting really worried--I could empathize, I was worried for him. "B-but we can get it off, right?"

"I'm concerned about the precision it would take," Moving over to my desk, I spun the chair around. "..since the barrier is embedded in a part of your body."

"Oh, yeah, precision...." He laughed a little. "That's definitely not my wheelhouse. But what about you?"

I exhaled a long breath. "...I really wouldn't wanna risk it. If it was a life or death situation I'd probably be willing to try but as is I'll probably only make it worse," I held up a hand to count with. "Which leaves us with two options. One, we find the people qualified to deal with this type of emergency. So Ieiri-sama, or Gojo."

He looked grossed out. "Isn't that the lady who cuts up dead people?..."

Oh yeah, I suppose he wouldn't know her that well. "I mean yeah, but she's still a really great doctor. Somebody needs to do autopsies."

He still looked uncomfortable. "It's a really weird hour, though... what's the other option?"

Figures. "The second option, right.." Out of the corner of my eye I couldn't help but notice that one of the scar.. things under his eyes was open. And that could only mean one thing. Staring straight at said eye, "Sukuna, could you stop cursing Itadori please?"

Itadori seemed utterly baffled by this, just giving a confused, "Eh?"

Unfortunately, Sukuna confirmed my suspicions instantly by opening a mouth and speaking very smugly. "I've already informed him of my conditions. If this punk-ass wants to lose his dick, that's hardly my concern."

"Hang on /you/ did this??" This was already getting way out of hand.

"I'm calling Gojo," I pulled out my phone and started to navigate to his number.

Suddenly, Itadori had slapped his hand over it. "No, don't!" After a moment he added, "Sukuna's supposed to be *my* responsibility. If I can't even deal with this, what're they going to think?" He stepped back, pure determination on his face. "I can handle it."

"...look I get that it's embarrassing, but I /really/--"

"I'm not embarrassed! I just. Want to take care of it myself. I'm going to be the one with Sukuna in my head for the rest of my life, right?" He crossed his arms. "He's been talking way more lately, so maybe it means he's going to do stuff like this in the future too," He'd never mentioned that... If you ignored the tiny eye underneath his own, he looked like the picture of worried, innocent teen. "Shouldn't I try and learn to deal with that?"

I fucking knew I wouldn't be able to say no to him... I had to force myself to look away from his eyes. Stupid fucking crush. "It's too damn early for this shit...." massaging my forehead, I added, "...okay, you know what? Fine, you can... negotiate I guess--"

He instantly got this sunshiny happy look on his face that made me want to simultaneously punch and hug him. "Ah, dude, thank you so mu!--"

I held up a hand. "But you have to do it in here."

That scratchy voice piped up again. "Excellent! Wouldn't have pegged you for a voyeur, Megumi Fushiguro."

"...excuse you?" I'd better be interpreting that wrong.

"Uhh oh, okay, so. Um, the, uh.. deal he was offering was to basically, um. Give me a blowjob?" You could've roasted marshmallows on Itadori's face. "And I'd do the same to him?..."

"........." Why me. "...right. Okay." I took a deep breath. "I am just... not going to ask how that's even possible.."

Sukuna's voice was almost as gleeful as it had been when we'd fought that one time. "There are advantages to being able to put a mouth on--"

"*Anyway!*" I hadn't meant to shout, but I REALLY did not want to fucking hear the end of that sentence. "..I fail to see how that solves the problem."

"Huh? What'chya mean?"

I pointed at the bulge in his pants. "You want to get rid of the barrier. And make sure that he doesn't make another one," I shrugged. "How would a blowjob solve that?"

He held up a finger, ready to talk, before stopping. "Shit, you're right!"

Sometimes Itadori really can be as dumb as he says he is. "I'm going to record this, so we can refer back to it later, ok?" I searched around for the recording app on my phone as Itadori nodded. Sitting down at my desk, I fished out a pen and notepad. "Ok, so, first things first--what exactly do you want, Itadori?"

He sat back down on the bed as he thought. "I guess.. well, like you said I don't want the barrier on my dick anymore. And I don't want any, um. Permanent damage...." he rolled his head back and forth over his shoulders, clearly thinking. "Ah! And I don't want him to hurt me when, uh, we do the sex thing."

I transcribed all those before reading them back. There were some concerns I'd had over the course of this whole thing that I had to find a way to tell Itadori without freaking him out, and the wording on that first one.. "Don't think the first one is a good condition. It's too specific--keep in mind you've got no idea how he cast that barrier in the first place. So it'd probably be easy to do the same thing again."

"Oh. Okay... so. I want to.. make sure he can't use that barrier ability at all?"

"Not on you, anyway," We didn't want to cripple Sukuna's effectiveness in combat too much, since Itadori would probably need him to murder something someday. But if it wasn't on Itadori's body, that'd be a lot safer.

He agreed, nodding. "Okay, yeah, that makes sense."

"Sounds good to me," If the fucking King of Curses thought I was going to be thrown by a newbie negotiation tactic like interjecting yourself in where you're not wanted, he had another thing coming.

"We're not done talking," Pretending like I hadn't heard anything, I tapped the pen against the page to re-gain Itadori's attention. "Ok, so you want Sukuna to: 1)Not use this barrier technique on you at any point in the future, 2)heal any damage this may have caused, and 3)prevent any harm during these transactions," I'd adjusted the wording to be as widely applicable as possible. Who knew what could go wrong, after all? "Sound good?"

"Uh.." He seemed a little lost, but I could tell he was still thinking hard. "Sure, that sounds fine."

I looked into the tiny eye under Itadori's and tried not to sigh. "And, Sukuna? What are your conditions?" Even though it was obviously better than the two of them swapping places, a problem with having Sukuna still be in Itadori was that it was very hard to tell what he was thinking, since there was only a single eye and a weird mouth thing. Kinda hard to read somebody's expression when it's only a quarter of another person's face.

But he wasn't grinning, so I figured that was a good sign. In fact, he seemed downright pensive. "Let's say that.. I need to dispel the barrier through physical contact--upon completion, I agree not to use it on him again. He'll then need to bring me to orgasm via the embodiment technique I demonstrated earlier," 'Embodiment technique'? Hm. I guess if it was important Itadori could explain it. "Upon doing so, I shall consider this contract completed, and will not use the technique on him again."

Finishing my transcription, I read it back to him. "Okay. You want, 1)to dispel the barrier through 'physical contact', and 2)for Itadori to make you" I couldn't hold back a sigh, "orgasm using.. some technique you've shown him. Is that correct?"

"Quite," So far so good.

"The specific conditions you're willing to do those things under are that 1)As soon as the barrier currently on Itadori's body is gone, you won't use barrier techniques on him again, and 2)as soon as Itadori makes you orgasm, you won't do this other technique on him either. Accurate?"

"That is accurate. I'll agree to these conditions," Wait, if he phrased it that way...

I tapped the pad, glaring at him. "Do you agree to the conditions that Itadori proposed?"

He was clearly a little put out by that, even rolling his eye. "Yeah, alright. He can't get hurt when we fuck."

Ugh. Ew. Itadori added, "/And/ you need to heal any damage that's been caused, too!"

His voice was downright miffed when he replied. "Fine, fine, sheesh," I let out a breath--hopefully that was a good sign.

I re-read it one last time, rubbing at my eyes. We were probably missing something, but... It really didn't seem like Sukuna could use any of these to take Itadori's body, or kill anybody... the worst he could do would probably be to find some loophole around the 'no harm during sex' thing, and maim him. But so long as it wasn't instantly fatal we could always call Gojo. "Well. Good enough, I guess. Itadori, do you agree to abide by the conditions Sukuna laid out?"

He motioned to look at the notebook. Handing it to him, he read it about as intently as I just did. His tone of voice wasn't happy, but it was firm. "...yeah. Okay, I agree to it, too."

At least it was over. Taking the notebook back I tossed it onto the desk as I sensed Cursed Energy snake around him. Er. Well, them I suppose. Itadori even flinched a little--I've never made a Binding Vow myself, but I'd heard it feels strange. "Okay, cool. Let's never do this again," As he got his bearings I went over to my door. "Now leave. I need sleep."

He looked sheepish as he got up. "Right, sorry.." As he was passing me through the doorway, he turned and added, "Thank you, so much Fushiguro--I would've totally screwed that up if it was just me," His soft smile made me feel a bit better despite the eye that was rolling underneath it. "Thanks for... you know, trusting me with this."

I smiled a little "What're friends for?" before sliding the door shut.

Phew. As his footsteps retreated, I extracted my electronics drawer and my over-ear headphones. Time to start blasting some very loud music so I didn't need to hear whatever the fuck was going to happen next.